Hi everybody and welcome back this lecture we're looking at making an instance of a class.
So take the class of a set of instructions for how to make an instance the class book.
It's a set of instructions that tells you how to make individual instances representing specific books.
So obviously every book has something in common with every book they open they close they pay to turn
the pages turn each page has a page number just as every Moag or every cop has something in common with
every cop.
They might all have a hand up so why not have a handle.
And that's what we use the functions within the class for they to find the attributes of each instance
or each object.
So let's make an instance now representing a specific book so the book that we're using here.
It's the same one we just wrote in the last example.
First we tell the client to create a book whose name is Elan Musk and for which the price is 14 99 and
the publisher is Vergine books.
When Peyton reads this line it calls the N.F. method in book 1 arguments.
Elon Musk thousand ninety nine and Virgin Books the init method creates an instance representing this
particular book and sets the name price and publisher attributes using the values we provided the init
method has no explicit return statement.
But Python automatically returns an instance representing this book.
So let's look at how we do that.
So we are creating an instance of a book now from our class.
So let's just call it my book equals book.
So we're calling our class Elon Musk
fourteen ninety nine comma Virgine books
perfect.
We store instances in the variable my book.
We can usually assume that a couple I's name like book refers to a class and a lower case name like
my book refers to a single instance created for that class.
So what happens if we try and print this nothing because we haven't yet given it and print statements
in the next lecture.
We'll look at accessing attributes of the class.
But for now it's enough to know that we've created that instance my book we've called the class my book
and we're in the end parameters here.
We've passed the arguments mosque forking 499 and version books.
We look at how these functions come into play and a little later.
But for now that's it.
So I hope you can see that each lecture here involving the class is building upon each one to eventually
running the class program and seeing what output we get.
But because class is an object Our entire program can be a bit difficult to get your head around and
a little bit complicated.
We're taking it step by step.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.